README.md, before:

# Grocery Helper
## By @Vince10041

Welcome to my side project :D

This application aims for users to record the price, brand and timestamp of a product. As a person who loves to shop in the wet market and do grocery shopping, I have created this application to monitor the price change based on product name with data visualisation presentation.

### How to run this app on Android/iOS?

Please follow the following steps to run this app on simulators or phones.

1. Pull the code from this github repository

2. Run the following code in the adequate path 
```
npm install
expo start
```

### Why should you use this app?

There are a few reasons you should give a chance to use this app.

1. Avoid fictitious pricing
Fictitious pricing is referring to sellers marking a high original price and a discounted price at the same time to make the deal attractive. However, the original price might be different from the normal original price as well. The seller could adjust the price to make it looks like a huge discount. With Grocery helper, you have a local storage with data visualisation to keep track of the price change.

2. Have a comprehensive insight of price change
As people may not always be marking down the money they spent on grocery or miscellaneous items, this app provides a clean interface where users can input the data within seconds. In addition, the app generates a graph and percentage change with user input. In this way, users can have a clearer understanding towards the change of living cost in modern days.

3. Budget app + price monitor at the same time!
Although there are a lot of budget apps in the market, Grocery Helper might have the cleanest interface among all of them. Users would not have to spend time figuring out how to input the data and there is no redundant field in this app. The app also shows the price change in a graph format. Users would have a simple graph to observe the price change over time.

Commit message:

Added calculation by per unit

README.md, after:

# Grocery Helper
## By @Vince10041

Welcome to my side project :D

This application aims for users to record the price, brand and timestamp of a product. As a person who loves to shop in the wet market and do grocery shopping, I have created this application to monitor the price change based on product name with data visualisation presentation.

### How to run this app on Android/iOS?

Please follow the following steps to run this app on simulators or phones.

1. Pull the code from this github repository

2. Run the following code in the adequate path 
```
npm install
expo start
```

### Why should you use this app?

There are a few reasons you should give a chance to use this app.

1. Avoid fictitious pricing
Fictitious pricing is referring to sellers marking a high original price and a discounted price at the same time to make the deal attractive. However, the original price might be different from the normal original price as well. The seller could adjust the price to make it looks like a huge discount. With Grocery helper, you have a local storage with data visualisation to keep track of the price change.

2. Have a comprehensive insight of price change
As people may not always be marking down the money they spent on grocery or miscellaneous items, this app provides a clean interface where users can input the data within seconds. In addition, the app generates a graph and percentage change of the specific product. In this way, users can have a clearer understanding towards the change of living cost in modern days.

3. Budget app + price monitor at the same time!
Although there are a lot of budget apps in the market, Grocery Helper might have the cleanest interface among all of them. Users would not have to spend time figuring out how to input the data and there is no redundant field in this app. The app also shows the price change per single unit in a graph format. Users would have a simple graph to observe the price change over time.
